
Memory Test

Welcome to the Memory Test repository! This test assesses your short-term memory through a series of questions. Before proceeding, please take a moment to read the important information below.

DATA CONSENT INFORMATION:
We may record your response data for educational teaching purposes and practicing data analysis and visualization. The data collected will be anonymized and stored in a public data repository.

If you consent to the upload, please type "yes" in the box provided. If you choose not to provide consent, your test results will not be uploaded.

ANONYMOUS USER ID GENERATION:
To generate an anonymous 4-letter unique user identifier, please follow these instructions:

Enter your anonymized ID.

To generate an anonymous 4-letter unique user identifier, please enter:

two first letters of your favoutite fruit
two letters based on the initials (first and last name) of a favourite actor / actress
Once you've generated your ID and inputted your ID into the answer box, proceed with the test.

TEST INSTRUCTIONS:
The test consists of 6 different images shown for eithr 10 or 20 seconds. Then, there are following questions about the colour, shape or position of the objects presented.
You are required to enter your answers promptly.
The test consists of 32 questions in total.
After the test, your score and average time per question will be displayed., as well as your score compared to the ditribution of all the results collected before.

RUNNING THE TEST: 
1) Run (execute) the Python code
2) As the code includes images, make sure to upload them in the same folder with the Jupiter notebook. Otherwisae, the program will give an error. 

RESULTS UPLOAD (OPTIONAL)
If you give a consent for uploading your score and personal data, your results will be sent to a Google Form.

END

Thank you for participating in the Memory test! If you encounter any issues or have questions, feel free to reach out to the test administrator via email karina.petrosian.22@ucl.ac.uk
